W-16442668-fix-example-duke (#293)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/include-log-search.adoc

Specify a field name or use the default when performing a search. The field name and default field are specific to the search implementation.

Search any field by typing the field name, followed by a colon, and then the term you are looking for.

> For example, find logs with a message that contains "called the function Value Selector" in the app "my-app", enter either of the following:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, to find logs with a message that contains "called the function Value Selector" in the app "my-app", enter either of the following:
```

> For example, assume that a log search query language index contains two fields (`application` and `message`). To find a message that contains "called the function Value Selector" in the app "my-app", enter either of the following:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, find logs with a message that contains "called the function Value Selector" in the app "my-app", enter either of the following:
```

> For example, assume that a log search query language index contains two fields (`application` and `message`) and that the message is the default field. To find a message that contains "called the function Value Selector" in the app "my-app", enter either of the following:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, assume that a log search query language index contains two fields (`application` and `message`). To find a message that contains "called the function Value Selector" in the app "my-app", enter either of the following:
```
